hey guys today we have the Lenovo y50
non-touch full HD phyto LGB version this
mod is not available in India and we got
this model from us four thousand four
forty nine the base model costs around
nine hundred dollars and the only i7
model which is released in India gossipy
seventy seven thousand you can find more
details in the description below so
let's get on
so Lenovo spy series is known for some
amazing price to performance other than
slimming the Wi-Fi 10p down they've gone
with a single 860m Maxwell GPU instead
of this alike combination we have been
using the laptop for three weeks now
here's how it performs the notebook is
really sleek and pulls off really nice
combination of black and red it's not
too imposing our body it's actually
pretty understated compared to other
notebooks in this class the soft touch
finish for the palm rest feels amazing
and doesn't attract finger prints unlike
the brushed aluminium lid and bottom
which is a fingerprint magnet the
crisscross design and the tapering of
the lid looks really nice it also goes
well with the back of the notebook which
is designed like a Jets exhaust or so I
think would have been really cool if it
were actual winds like with a Seuss's
gaming series but it's pretty nice all
the same I also like how Leno's logos
understated and not an alien snake or a
dragon because now it doubles up as my
work and gaming notebook of course being
thin helps to overall I think lenovo has
designed a gaming notebook to look
pretty classy being accustomed to think
pads I was worried I would find the
keyboard disappointing but the keyboard
performs reasonably well the smaller
right shift and the non-separation of
the direction keys cause a lot of miss
types and took a while to get used to I
also found the travel slightly lesser
than I preferred and I initially found
that some keys didn't register when I
hit the corners which required a bit
more accurate typing and force that I'm
used to with a think pad keyboard but
the keyboard was asked for sturdy and
then flex much and the red backlight
looks really nice so if you're expecting
this keyboard to perform anything like a
thinkpads you'll be disappointed but
otherwise it performs well coming to the
trackpad
it's large smooth accurate and well
optimized for Windows 8 the trackpad is
stable and doesn't get in the way of
typing I felt they've done a pretty good
job here
Lenovo has gone with JBL for its
speakers and it's amazing for casual
gaming and movies it's definitely one of
the best notebooks I've ever heard it's
obviously no headphone replacement but
it's definitely enhanced my gaming and
movie experience and from the subwoofers
performance a bit underwhelming it's a
bit better than other notebooks but
wasn't effective enough to warrant any
positive mention for those of you who
rely on your notebook speakers a lot
you'll be pleased
because this is one of the best-known
books I've heard in this segment lenovo
has opted for a TN panel and as expected
of TN panels the vertical angles are bad
and the horizontal angles are just
average the shifting of colours is
mainly noticeable on darker images well
it's not really a problem on lighter
images like webpages ice trying to show
off my skills in Nosgoth my friend but
he found it really hard for both of us
to find that perfect angle the screen is
good for gaming and movies when you're
alone but an external monitor would be a
better option if you're gonna have
friends over this is disappointing
because the speakers are perfect for
such situations but the display lets you
down by default the colors felt a bit
washed out but a bit of messing around
with some calibration settings with the
surface pro beside it helped make this
look pretty good
the matte display isn't for everyone but
I for one love them and I for the screen
handle self really well on a direct
light so that said I would like to point
out that some versions come with the AU
Optronics panel which is said to be
slightly better and you can also find
the gorgeous 4k IPS panel usually for
120 to 150 dollars more than the full HD
versions though they are limited to
refresh rates of 48 Hertz at any
resolution that is 2,000 160 or thousand
ATP but this isn't going to be an issue
for casual gamers I really like this
notebook but if there was one thing I
would change it would definitely be the
display it's a glaring mistake coming to
my favorite part about this notebook the
notebook handles heat really well they
know has adopted the recent trend where
the vents are placed above the keyboard
pushing the hot air upwards I was
worried about the display being affected
by the heat but the gap prevents this
for a notebook under an inch it barely
gets hard the WASD section and the
center of the keyboard gets a bit warm
during extended gaming usually
noticeable if it is CPU intensive
but it's still comfortable and the
pomalyst remains completely cool the
fans are hardly audible you'd think the
speakers were overcompensating for
something nope unless you mean the
speakers while gaming you're definitely
not gonna hear those fans ever gaming on
it has been nothing but amazing the y50
has in media's latest Maxwell version of
the 860m and have been really happy with
the performance it handles most games on
Ultra settings but some of the more
intensive games like Crysis 3 and
watchdogs a better played at high
settings for high FPS and smoother
gameplay the notebook is equipped with
the 54 watt are non user removable
battery gaming on battery under clocks
the GPU
hence expect a very noticeable
performance drop the notebook lasted for
our 17 minutes at full brightness and
media playback which is quite decent
considering it's a gaming notebook the
i7 for thousands hundred hits q
processor sucks through whatever you
throw at it with ease we came across
some information that the notebook
wasn't taking full advantage of turbo
boost
if temps went pretty high but I haven't
come across any situation during my work
or gaming where the notebook fell behind
on performance so while this may be a
theoretical downside I haven't come
across this in practical situations
where I found this to be a problem that
pretty much covers the hardware side of
things I found lenovo software side to
be a lot of bloat it wasn't hard to
remove them but a fresh windows install
might not be a bad idea overall I think
the y50 is an amazing notebook for the
price for those of you who are okay with
the TN panel or can use a good monitor
on the side when you're not on the move
I would definitely recommend this if you
are ready to handle the issues faced by
an early adopter such as an optimized
software you can opt for the 4k version
if you liked the video press the like
button you can subscribe below to be
updated with our reviews thanks for
watching